cookbook docs (#318)
OpenFreeEnergy/openfe: docs/cookbook/loading_molecules.md

One of the first tasks you'll likely want to do is loading your various input files.
In ``openfe`` the entire contents of a simulation volume, for example the ligand, protein and water is referred to
as the ``ChemicalSystem``.
A free energy difference is defined as being between two such ``ChemicalSystem`` objects.
To make expressing free energy calculations easier,
this ``ChemicalSystem`` is broken down into various ``Component`` objects.
It is these ``Component`` objects that are then transformed, added or removed when performing a free energy calculation.

:::{note}
Once chemical models are loaded into Components they are **read only** and cannot be modified.
This means that any modification/tweaking of the inputs must be done **before** the Component objects are created. 
This is done so that any data cannot be accidentally modified, ruining the provenance chain.
:::

As these all behave slightly differently to accomodate their contents,
there are specialised versions of Component to handle the different items in your system.
We will walk through how different items can be loaded,
and then how these are assembled to form ``ChemicalSystem`` objects.

## Small molecules

> Small molecules, such as ligands, are handled using the ``openfe.SmallMoleculeComponent`` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Small molecules, such as ligands, are handled using the :class:`openfe.SmallMoleculeComponent` class.
```
same thing everywhere else?

These are lightweight wrappers around RDKit Molecules and can be created directly
from an rdkit molecule:

```python
from rdkit import Chem
import openfe

m = Chem.MolFromMol2File('myfile.mol2', removeHs=False)

smc = openfe.SmallMoleculeComponent(m, name='')
```

:::{caution}

> Remember to include the `removeHs=False` keyword argument so that RDKit does not strip them!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember to include the `removeHs=False` keyword argument so that RDKit does not strip your hydrogens!
```
(might be obvious by its name, but in practice folks might just not know rdkit that well)
